docs: add new Layout Functions: Center, Column and Row.. (#516)
ZupIT/beagle-docs: content/en/api/components/layout/overview.md

---

> Layout component can be defined with a group of 4 subcomponents: Container, Page View, List View, Scroll View.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The layout components can be defined by a group of 4 subcomponents: Container, Page View, List View and Scroll View.   
```
